2nd course review (#3341)
Qiskit/documentation: learning/courses/quantum-business-foundations/how-to-become-quantum-ready.mdx

Bookmark these pages to ensure you have access to IBM Quantum’s industry-leading resources:

* [IBM Quantum Computing](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/): Login with your IBMid and navigate with the application switcher in the upper right hand corner to explore the suite of applications to support your quantum needs:

>   * [IBM Quantum Platform](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/) to access IBM quantum computer on the cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [IBM Quantum Platform](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/) to access IBM quantum computers on the cloud
```

Bookmark these pages to ensure you have access to IBM Quantum’s industry-leading resources:

* [IBM Quantum Computing](https://quantum.ibm.com/): Login with your IBMid and navigate with the application switcher in the upper right hand corner to explore the suite of applications to support your quantum needs:
  * [IBM Quantum Platform](https://quantum.ibm.com/) to access IBM quantum computer on the cloud
  * [IBM Quantum Learning](https://learning.quantum.ibm.com/) to take a course, follow a learning path, browse tutorials, and start experimenting with Composer

>   * [IBM Quantum Documentation](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/) to ensure you get the most of the tools and services that IBM has to offer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [IBM Quantum Documentation](/docs) to ensure you get the most of the tools and services that IBM has to offer
```
